[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Why was the Mu
civilization created?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode,
we will explore how
did the sign of
this civilization
affect human evolution?
Humans are the proof that
the planet is thinking.
And the planet is an
alive being, living being,
that has its own
organs, its own blood.
And we are just the neurons
of the sympathetic system
of the neurological system.
So what we are just doing is
to be aware of who we are.
But why we ask who we are
and we seek the questions
is because the Earth
is trying to reach
that question and that answer.
So this world is like if we
tried to see a human body,
but in a round shape.
So every continent and
every region of the planet
would be related to one of
the organs of our bodies,
to our bones, to our blood.
And we can try to
imagine it or to figure
if we trace the main line of
the body in the Atlantic Ocean.
Imagine the Atlantic
Ocean from the front.
And you will have
the breathing nose
in the island of Greenland.
This is what makes
the spirit to control
the weather by the breathe
of hot and cold air.
And then you have, by the
side, the pineal gland,
which is Iceland.
From there, you can find
the whole chest of the body
in the North Atlantic Ocean.
And by the sides, the two
lungs, in the Congo forest
and the rainforests of Amazonia.
The throat chakra of the
planet would be North America.
And the vocal cords would be the
Appalachian Mountains and all
the East Coast.
This means that
whatever happens in
that region would reach
the whole world because is
the word, the language,
to connect everything.
In the left side of the
world we have Europe.
And Europe will be the
heart, with Great Britain
being the high heart chakra.
Africa, south of Africa
and all the plateau,
that includes the three Great
Lakes, and Somalia, Ethiopia,
until Tanzania, will be all
the region of the root chakra.
The root chakra will
connect with the origin
and the strength to the
roots of the planet.
That also connects
with South America
through two lines that
connects in the middle
with the womb of the planet,
the region that now--
it's called Tistao da Cunha.
And it's the core of the
creation, where Pangaea
was connected in the south.
Connecting to the
root chakra, Patagonia
means the end of the
spine of the planet.
So the energy of South America,
the region of Patagonia
with the region of
Drakensberg in Africa
are both connected to
the roots and the origin
to the core of the planet.
The region of
Middle East, India,
were one of the
kidneys, and also,
of course, the adrenal glands.
That means that
this region would
be one of the most powerful
regions to clean the blood,
to create the blood, and
also to be the energy
to create everything,
to purify the blood,
the water of the planet.
So that's why it's one of the
biggest portals through where
all the energy to create comes.
The other kidney,
it is the region
of Australia and New Zealand.
This region is also
creationist region, connected
to the Mu civilization.
Asia would mean the sacrum
chakra, so the plexus.
This means that China,
Taklamakan Desert, Gobi Desert,
Mongolia, Tibet, Japan
represents the stomach,
represents the region where
all the process of the being
is done.
All the water in the planet
would represent the blood.
Every river, every lake,
every sea, every ocean,
would represent all the
registry of the blood.
And the most important
part of the planet
is the one connecting the
whole body, the spine.
That connects all the
neurological system
of the planet, which
would go from the Andes
in South America,
to Central America,
and through North America,
the Rocky Mountains in Alaska,
to reach the brain
of the planet, which
is the North Pole.
All the conscious planets
of the confederation
used to be in the
fourth dimension.
So they were connected
through the time.
They came to this
planet many times,
many different parts of history.
So that's why there were a lot
of tests and a lot of proofs,
so we could reach the
better race of species
to live here on this planet.
And one of the last
tests to do that
was 200,000 years
ago, approximately,
when Alithir came here.
In Atlantean times, we used
to call them the Alithir.
But now you may
know them as the Mu.
Mu people came here to see
if it was possible for things
from other planets to
live in this planet,
to see if the immunological
system of the Earth
wouldn't kill them.
They were first trying
to attach and to be
recognized to this planet.
And around 50,000 years
ago, the people from Mu
settle as civilization
by itself.
The Mu civilization came
here because of the water.
They came here because of the
portals of the Pacific Ocean.
And they reached this portal
through the energetic path
that the Moon has left in the
biggest crater of the planet,
which is at the Pacific Ocean.
In between that region,
the islands of the Pacific
were the places
where it was better
to connect with the
oceans and the water.
So the purpose was to be
a bridge in between heaven
and Earth, to relay the
information from other levels
of consciousness to this world
through the oceans, which
are the blood of the planet.
All the water of the planet
is the recordings, the DNA,
the main cells of this planet.
So all the information that
came from the stars first
reached the seas.
And the water put
that information
in the blood of the
planet so every species,
every plant, every animal, could
have that information within.
Since the very beginning
of the creation
of life in this planet,
water was the key
to hold that information.
And that's why
the people from Mu
tried to build civilization
bounded to the water.
The Mu civilization started
to spread all over the coasts
and islands of the Pacific.
But also reached, in
thousands of years,
the deserts of North America,
South America, and Asia.
But also, they
were the ones that
were taking care of the most
important humans created
on Earth, which were the
original people from Australia.
For Mu people, who
were for thousands
of years trying to
understand humanity,
they understood that
those who are rooted
to the planet and
that understood
the power of the stars are
the most important beings
in the planet to
hold information
and to vibrate with them.
Vibration, frequency,
is the language
to transform realities.
One of the main things that
they gave to us as humanity
was the gift to remember
that we are from this planet.
And that even if part of
our blood, of our DNA,
comes from heaven, we
should never forget
that the divine is living here.
So that's why one of the
most important things that we
can have from them and
we inherit from them
was taking care of this planet,
of the water of this planet,
and to hold this information
and transform in this planet.
Atlantis used to know,
too, that in order
to have the power of
god and the goddess,
you have to become the
god and the goddess.
And the way you should do
that is becoming every part
of the god and the goddess.
And the way you do that is, if
you want to talk with the storm
you have to become the storm.
If you want to have
the wisdom of a tree,
you have to become the tree.
So they taught humans
how to become and channel
the information through their
blood, through the vibration,
resonating with the divine.
So that's why the ancient
shamans were able to be nature.
And that's why they were
able to talk with the world.
And Australian people, the
original people, at that time
were the first ones
to recognize that they
were living like trees,
living like animals,
but with the
consciousness of the stars
because they didn't
use much words.
They used singings.
So they were chanting
to the Earth.
And they were the first ones
to know how to become nature.
So that's why they
were protected
because Australia is one of
the continents of the creation.
The plateau of India and
Australia are connected.
And they represent the
kidneys and the adrenal glands
of the planet,
the sacrum chakra.
So the creation, the
strength of creativity
that moves the world,
is in that region.
And that's why it was
so important to keep
that safe the most time
possible until the high heart
chakra of the planet
would reach the creation.
And that was Britain.
Mu has different settlements
around the Pacific Ocean.
They had different portals
in different regions.
So they could hold information
of the biggest portal
in the middle of the Pacific.
They had this structure
of a cube holding
all the information in four
biggest deserts around,
so those places.
Remember, then, the more
ancient spots of water
and the most ancient records
of water of the planet.
Those places would be the
desert of North America;
the desert of Peru,
Chile, and Bolivia;
the desert of Australia;
and the desert of Taklamakan
and Gobi in Asia.
These four pillars around
the triangle in the middle
were holding the
information of the portals
of the water from the
desert because those regions
where once in history the
most deep places of water
in geography.
And by the movement
of continents,
they put that water
really up in the heavens,
in the highest mountains.
And the reason why they
settle in Australia,
in Taklamakan and Gobi
in Asia, in the desert
of North America
and South America,
was because they needed
information from the water
today and the water yesterday.
So the water that went to
heaven was the highest points
of those four places.
That's why the desert
represented for them
the waves of time; of the cycle
of expression, experimentation,
integration, and
transcendence of the water.
And in the middle they
had this triangle.
The triangle between
these four deserts where
the islands of
Hawaii; the islands
of Rapa Nui, Easter Island;
and the islands of New Zealand.
This triangle in the
middle was the focus
of the information
of the Trinity.
This represented the wisdom,
the will and the love.
And in those three places,
they had these settlements
to take care of the portals
of the Pacific Ocean.
And in the middle
we had the circle.
This circle in the
middle of the ocean
was close by the regions of what
we call now Kiribati and French
Polynesia.
And all this region there
was the sacred point
where all the
information of the ocean
would reach their highest
level of vibration.
They settled these
spots in the planet
so they could reach the
information of the West.
Information of the
West, the wind,
would bring the codes of the
stars in the biggest crater
because the Moon had
created that porthole
to bring all the water, all
the blood, to this planet.
While in the other
side, the Atlantic Ocean
would be for the
other civilizations
that would work with the
mind, instead of the heart.
The Mu civilization was
related to the heart
because it was
related to the water,
so it was related
to the Mother--
the Mother, Earth, the
blood, the creation,
the womb of the planet.
So that's why they
were recognized
like the beehive that
were vibrating in harmony
around the Pacific Ocean.
We used to call them
the angels of the sea.
They don't use food.
They were just drinking
nectar from the flowers.
And they were harvesting energy
from the seas and the plants.
They used to just smell and
have the energy of the plants.
So they were not very human.
They were not there
from this planet.
They were creating their
own food through energy.
As less food we need,
as more energy we
use from ourselves,
like they did,
as more flowers we eat and take
more energy from the light,
take from the light,
our bodies will
live longer as they
did because they
didn't need to
transform the cells
and to feed the
cells with matter.
They transformed themselves
and the cells through energy.
And that's why they used to
live longer because they were
able to multiply the
cells through vibration
and through energy.
And they would be
levitating in the seas
and connecting the
islands through this path
of magnetical
fields with quartz.
The different regions or
colonies of this civilization
were in these four continents.
And they had settlements
in Central America and also
in the Indian Ocean to defend
the process of the Mother
from the civilizations of the
Atlantic and Mediterranean Sea.
People used to call Mu
as if it were Lemuria.
But Lemuria was just a region.
The region of Mu, as we
call it in Khem, was Yomiom.
And this Indian Ocean
region was made up
with islands that were trying
to protect the Pacific Ocean.
So the goal of Lemurians were
more military than the people
from Mu.
The people from Mu were
the ones walking on water.
There were the
angels of the sea.
And from those colonies that
defended Muans, the Lemurian
where the stronger ones.
They were the ones that
faced Atlantean people
and defended them.
So the wars that they held
was the war between the two
sides of the world.
And some of the faces that
you can find in Easter Island
are the memory of them
defending the Pacific Ocean,
defending the portal.
Easter Island is
like a small portal
to open the biggest portal
in the Pacific Ocean.
And that's why most of them
are looking inside the island,
the center of the island.
Those are the people from Mu.
And just a few of them
are looking outside.
Those are the guardians,
the Lemurians.
So the guardians of the
Pacific were different
because they were stronger.
They used to fight.
And they used to be more strong.
And Yom, the Yom,
was this region,
that also reached the Middle
East because they were trying
to protect the core of Mu closer
to the Atlantic Ocean, which
was the Taklamakan
Desert because some
of the Atlantean people coming
from Europe, the redhead,
they went Taklamakan and they
seeded their information there.
And they shared
information with the Muans.
But this redhead people that
went to China, to Mongolia,
to Siberia, to see the
information of the Atlantic
Ocean, then became like against
the Muans in the Indian Ocean.
And that made a big war, that
were held in Pakistan and India
around 17,000 years ago.
That region was one of the
portals of the network.
And that was the
biggest war that people
used to remember between
Atlantis and Lemuria.
But the name Lemuria is not
the name they had in the past.
It's the name that a French
investigator of history,
of geography, named that
region in the Indian Ocean,
by Lemuria, because there
were these type of monkeys
in Madagascar and other
regions in Indonesia.
So he thought there would
be lands in between.
And he called it Lemuria.
So it's not the name that
they had at that time.
And there was not a
continent, not even
in Atlantis, Mu, and Lemuria.
It was just a group
of islands where
they were traveling and
sailing to defend the lands.
The Mu civilization influenced
all those beings in the world.
Those people that used to
walk through the ice, used
to walk through the
Taklamakan Desert
and go to Siberia
and Alaska, they
were going through that region.
And they also
helped people to go
from Indonesia, Australia, and
New Zealand to South America.
So from the north
and from the south,
they helped humanity
to spread to America.
When they recognized
that the Earth said
this was the last time
they should be on Earth,
they decided to leave Earth
and abandon all the cities,
abandon all the villages.
And they just left the seas.
And they went to the North Pole
and the underground cities.
When they did that,
they taught to humans
how to become like them.
So they taught some
information to the shamans
in Siberia, and North
America, and South America,
and Australia.
And that's how the Native
Americans from the north,
Native Americans from the
south, and people from Asia
inherit a lot of information
about how to reach
this self through the plants.
And that's the main information
that we have from them.
And all the information in the
fourth and the fifth dimension
that they were working
with was stocked
in the biggest portals
of the mountains,
along the Ring of Fire.
The Ring of Fire, of volcanoes,
hold that information in nature
that Mu used to have and gave
to humanity and the regions that
were in their colonies.
Every time a
civilization was ended,
the underground
cities were the ones
in charge of make a registry,
a record, of what happened.
So the underground
cities were here
since the time of dinosaurs.
They were in the
fifth dimension.
And they were the
pillars of Earth.
They are all around, down
every lake, every mountain.
And this is like a network of
beings in the fifth dimension
connecting inside the Earth.
As we connect all the reality
in the third dimension
in the surface of
this world, they
connect the network
in the underground,
as our fathers and
mothers from the stars
connect the network
in the skies.
So this is symbiotic
work, in which
we need to work all together.
So that's why when the planets
start to connect themselves
in different levels
of consciousness,
the underground cities are the
first ones on contacting people
so we could know what
to do in the surface.
The main cities are in the
highest points of the planet
because they connect
the information
from the most ancient
waters in the planets, which
are in Tibet, and South
America, Bolivia, and Peru.
And those points are the
most important to connect
the information of
the whole network.
When Mu, who was a
civilization connected
to the fifth dimension, ended,
most of them went underground.
So they kept their
information in those cities.
There is only a
few constructions
left from Mu time.
And one of them
is in Micronesia.
Other ones are in Easter
Island, in New Zealand.
They are spread all around
the Pacific Ocean, and part
of Asia, and North America.
But the memory of
them was so far away,
that so many things happened
in history, that we almost
forgot what they were.
Mu people were so subtle.
And they where from other
levels of consciousness
and connected with
the fifth dimension
and with this high
vibration of the water,
and light, and crystals.
They had this goal to open the
portal to the higher levels
of consciousness, to be--
settle in this planet.
So that's why they
were the ones that
discovered importance
of humans not forgetting
from where they came from.
So that's why even today we have
this consciousness or memories
of Mu people teaching
us how to be related
to the planet,
related to nature,
related to this
period of everything.
That this period is
not only heavens,
it is also here in nature.
So now, because of the
awakening of consciousness
again in the planet,
a lot of people
is realizing again the
memory of the teachings
of those civilizations.
This sense and this
feeling that we
are connected to the
planet, that we can listen
to the planet, and that we
are becoming more vegetarian,
vegan people.
We are trying to rise the
energy and the vibration
of our civilization.
Many people awakening
and recognizing
the power of the
self through nature
and coming back to read
the power of nature,
and the mountains, and the
portals that they left.
So today, one of the things
that connect us most with them
is all this people
that are listening
to the underground cities.
All the cities in
the fifth dimension
and the fourth dimension
that are all around,
in every mountain,
they are the portals
to reach that information
that are opening right now
to so many people that
can listen to them
and remember the importance
of being part of Earth.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
Atlantis and the 12
families that control
this advanced civilization.
[MUSIC PLAYING]